1. Declare a class to represent bank account of 10 customers with the following data members. Name of the depositor, Account Number, Type of account (S for saving and C for Current), Balance amount. The class also contains member functions to do the following:
(a) To initialize data members
(b) To deposit money
(c) To withdraw money after checking the balance (minimum balance is Rs. 1000).
(d) To display data members.

2. Write a C++ program to perform various operations on a string class without using language supported built-in string functions. The operations on a class are:
(a) Read a String
(b) Display the string
(c) Reverse the string
(d) Copy the string into an empty string
(e) Concatenate two strings

3. Using classes and object, write a program to do the following:
A = B * C + D
Where A, B, C, D are 3 x 3 matrices.

4. A class student has three data members : name, roll number, marks of 5 subjects and member functions to assign streams on the basis of table given below:
Average Marks 	Stream
96% or more 	Computer Science
91% - 95% 	Electronics
86% - 90% 	Mechanical
81% - 85% 	Electrical
76% - 80% 	Chemical
71% - 75% 	Civil
Declare the class using the above specifications. Also give the detailed member function defition.

5. Imagine a publishing company that markets both book and audio-cassette version of its works. Create a base class called publication that stores the title (a string) and price (type float) of a publication. Create another base class sales that holds an array of three floats so that it can record the sales of a particular publication for the last three months. Include a getdata() function to get three sales amounts from the user and a putdata() function to display the sales figures. Create two classes book which adds a page count (int type) and tape, which adds a playing time (type int) in minutes, derived from both publication and sales, having getdata() and putdata() function for getting data and displaying their data respectively. An object of class
book or tape should input or output sales along with its other data. Write a program in C++ to create a book object and a tape object for updating their corresponding member data along with the sales made.